add canvas config instructions (#10591)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/canvas-recording.mdx

    alt="Enable canvas recording in your PostHog" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Canvas recording performance

Canvas recording normally has no impact on your site, but it does need to capture the canvas to an image so can have performance impact on some sites.

You can override the frequency the image is captured, and the quality of the captured image when initialising PostHog on your site

```
posthog.init('<ph_project_api_key>', {
  api_host: '<ph_client_api_host>',
  session_recording: {
    captureCanvas: {

>       canvasFps: 2, // default is 4, accepts a number between 0 and 12

Author: ```suggestion
      // accepts a number between 0 and 12
      // if not set locally, when canvas recording is enabled, remote config sets this to 4
      canvasFps: 2,
```

>       canvasQuality: "0.2", // default is 0.4, accepts a decimal number between 0 and 1 as a string

Author: ```suggestion
      // accepts a decimal number between 0 and 1 as a string
      // if not set locally, when canvas recording is enabled, remote config sets this to "0.4"
      canvasQuality: "0.2",
```

    alt="Enable canvas recording in your PostHog" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Canvas recording performance

> Canvas recording normally has no impact on your site, but it does need to capture the canvas to an image so can have performance impact on some sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canvas recording normally has no impact on your site, but it does need to capture the canvas as an image which can have a performance impact on some sites.
```

> You can override the frequency the image is captured, and the quality of the captured image when initialising PostHog on your site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the frequency the image is captured and the quality of the captured image when initializing PostHog on your site:
```

```
posthog.init('<ph_project_api_key>', {
  api_host: '<ph_client_api_host>',
  session_recording: {
    captureCanvas: {
      // accepts a number between 0 and 12

>       // if not set locally, when canvas recording is enabled, remote config sets this to 4

Author: it's best to comment on lines or files @mxzinke cos then we can thread :)
literally the worst UX feature of GitHub, that you can't thread on the conversation tab

default was a poor choice of words maybe... if you turn on canvas recoding, the backend provides a fixed value. to change it you have to override in config

Author: https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/pull/1721

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying. Now way more understandable.

It would be awesome if the docs on types on posthog-js repo would also have this information :)
